ISHAAN MALRA
Competent, Flexible, Organized
Phone: +916395933155
Email: ishaanmalra@gmail.com
LinkedIn: https:/www.linkedin.com/in/ishaan-malra-6b12971ba//
GitHub: https://github.com/ishaan-eng
CAREER OBJECTIVE
A responsible and purposeful individual, seeking an opportunity for exposure to the industrial world, to leverage my
technical and organizing skills productively.
ACADEMIC BACKGROUND
Year Qualification/ Degree Board/University Percentage/CGPA
2020-2024
B.Tech in Computer Science
Engineering- Specialization in Cloud
Computing and Virtualization
Technologies
UPES- Dehradun, Uttarakhand 8.09
2018-2019 Class XII ISC 83%
2016-2017 Class X ICSE 92.3%
Subject Electives Cloud Computing and Virtualization Technologies, DevOps, Digital Marketing
Technical Proficiency/Skills  Java, Python, C
 C#, HTML, CSS, JavaScript
 SQL, Docker, Cloud, OpenStack, Agile Methodologies, Microservices,
Virtualization
 .NET Core, ASP.NET, React, Flutter
 Full-Stack Development, Web Application Development, Web API, MVC
Summer Internship/Work Experience
NINTERNET
● Actively engaging in front-end development, contributing to the implementation of user-friendly and responsive web designs
● Assisting the product development team with wireframing and designing the user
interface for the web app.
● Testing the mobile app and web app to identify problems and bugs, ensuring a seamless
user experience.
IBM
Project Topic: Design and implement a Cloud Based System For High-Performance Computing and Scientific
Simulations
My role in this project as a team project associate was to brainstorm ideas and work with my team mates, and my key
responsibility was to integrate AWS S3 storage with AWS RDS services and configure them, and to make a comparative
analysis report with my team mates, along with framing of all the documents.
Projects(Major/Minor)
Minor Project II- MSTrIPES
 MSTrIPES is an existing software, which stands for Monitoring System for Tigers: Intensive Protection & Ecological
Status.
 In this group project, we built an integrated application to provide the features of MSTrIPES, such as generation of
tracks using Intelligent Patrolling System(IPS) Algorithm with the help of shape files and QGIS.
Mini Project: Diffie-Hellman Implementation
• Diffie-Hellman Algorithm is a key exchange protocol that enables two parties communicating in an
insecure channel to establish a mutual secret without being transmitted over the internet. The same has
been implemented in a simplified way.
• A public key, which is used to encrypt and decrypt the information using symmetric cryptography, is
generated, and is checked if it’s the same received by the receiver as the private key.
Minor Project I
A project in JAVA, with the aim to generate a maze and find the shortest escape path, using best suited data structures and
optimal algorithms, using object oriented language approach.
Accomplishment and Recognition
 Actively participated in ‘Code-e-Jung’, a national level coding competition held by Celebal Technologies
and was among the first rank holders.
 Actively participated in a national level ‘IBM ICE CodeWars’ Hackathon.
IBM CodeWars Project: Load Balancing for Data Centers- A Load Balancing Algorithm for the Data Centers
to Optimize Cloud Computing Applications
 Achieved and completed micro certifications in PricewaterhouseCoopers(PwC) learning and training
program.
IT Fundamentals: https://lnkd.in/dnGzVrvF
RDBMS: https://lnkd.in/dbmHz7uC
Programming Fundamentals- Python: https://lnkd.in/d9iYF8TP
Data Engineering- Introduction: https://lnkd.in/dj_UNqSf
 Completed a specialization in Full Stack Development from Coursera and achieved certifications for the
following three courses:
.NET Full Stack Foundation
Frontend Development using React
Backend Development for .NET Full Stack